Ticket 001:  Main Menu
=======================

The user requires a main entrypoint to the program. From this entrypoint they should be able to access the majority of system funtionality.

Initally this menu will have one item which is create invoice. In time, this will expand so that other functionality will be used.

This ticket requires to create a menu system that is initiative and expandable.


Coditions of Success
--------------------
* The main menu window is visible for the user on system startup
* It will list the items
    * **Logo of the company**
        * The logo must be place at the top center of the menu and must be an image (any image type file) 
    * **Welcome text**
        * It must be Labeled as Welcome to + Company name. (Welcome to Shine Master Invoice App.) Also presentable. 
    * **Create Invoice**
        * Create invoice must be a simple button that is interactable via mouse.
        * The button must have a label such as: "Create Invoice". To make it easy for the user to understand its purpose. 
 
* The user should be able to operate this menu with limited knowlege experince
    * e.g. using common pattern: (mouse click button) with text/indtructions.
    
* The system should chnage it's display once a menu item is selected
    * Once selected, the menu form must be closed and display the item's form, which in this case is the Invoice form. 


Techical Notes
--------------
* This is targeted as a graphical interface to match common MSWindows patterns.
*  The form must display in the center screen and not sizable. Maximize and minimize Box property is set as false.
* The window form's property text must be: "Main Menu"
*  The form must contain the company's icon.
* All controls and form properties must follow the standard naming convention: (**Control name_name**) e.g. "groupBox_ServiceDetails".
* Once an item is selected, the current form must be closed and requires to easily assosiate that with another form which displays the invoice form to the user to start creating the invoice.


Size + Engerineg notes
----------------------
| Size | Engineering notes | 
| -------- | -------- |
| **1**    | This ticket size is chosen as the menu form contains simple controls and forms with no special codes added.| 









