Ticket 004:  (Auto Fill Header Items)
=======================

This ticket is part of the Invoice form and it automatically populates the items of the header such as the invoice number and the date. Having this feature lets the user do without the need to enter the data manually which creates invoices quickly. 


Related Tickets
---------------

* Requierd depedencies
    * [001](./001.md) - Main Menu
    * [002](./002.md) - Invoice Form window
    * [003](./003.md) - Data Store


Coditions of Success
--------------------

* Once the Invoce form is displayed, the user must be able to see the date value as the current date.

* When the Invoice form is displayed, the invoice number value must be the increment of the recent invoice number based from the database.  For example, if the invoice number is 2000 from the database then the form must increment by 1 and display 2001.

* If there are no records in the database, the system must display a message box telling it does not have recent records and let the user enter  what invoice number they want to start. 


* Requires to enter a number. Avoid Empty or non-numeric values added.  



Techical Notes
--------------

* Flow chart of creating invoice record Id

```mermaid
graph TB
    id1([Start])--> id2[(InvoiceRecord Table)]
    id2 --> id3{Check Existing Records}
    id3 -->|No| id4[Set Identity Seed value]
    id4 --> id5[/Get value - 1/]
    id5 --> id6[/Take value and reseed identity by SQL command/]
    id6 --> id7[/Increment and Add invoice record Id in InvoiceRecord Table/]
    id7 -->id8[Output invoice record Id in textbox]
    id3 --> |Yes| id7
    id8 --> id9([End])
```
* When the Id is created, it must be saved in the InvoiceRecord table records with the current date.

* If the database sql query cannot find a recent record from the database, an input box must be displayed with the reason of the cause and input to place.
    * Add reference "Microsoft.VisualBasic" and add Namespace in the form so we would be able to use Input message box. 
    * Validate the input to accept numbers only. 

* Reseed identity must be set in order to change the value of the primary key of the new record added.
    * Incrementing and updating the identity of the invoice record must be managed by SQL server not C#.

* Ensure to add the data source to get the connection string from the database.

* Make sure to add reference "System.Configuration" and "System.Data.SqlClient" libraries into the project so to able to connect to the SQL Database.






Size + Engerineg notes
----------------------
| Size | Engineering notes | 
| -------- | -------- |
| **3**    | SQL server is quiet new to the developer and will have to deal and test connection of database and using the right query to read the recent invoice number from the database. Dealing this ticket also manages of changing and incrementing invoice id record which using specific SQL statment must be taken note.  

