Ticket 005: Prompt User to Enter Invoice Id
=====

- [x] Ticket 004 must be finished first

A message must be displayed and lets the user to enter the invoice number to start if the Invoice database does not have any existing records. 

This ticket is vital as this will let the user the ability to choose what invoice number they wish to start. 

Related Tickets
---------------
* Requierd depedencies
    * [001](./001.md) - Main Menu
    * [002](./002.md) - Invoice Form window
    * [003](./003.md) - Data Store
    * [004](./004.md) - Auto Fill Header Items


Coditions of Success
--------------------
* If there are no records in the database, the system must display a message box telling it does not have recent records and let the user enter  what invoice number they want to start. 

* Requires to enter a number. Avoid Empty or non-numeric values added.  

Techical Notes
--------------
* If the database sql query cannot find a recent record from the database, an input box must be displayed with the reason of the cause and input to place.
    * Add reference "Microsoft.VisualBasic" and add Namespace in the form so we would be able to use Input message box. 
    * Validate the input to accept numbers only. 

* Reseed identity must be set in order to change the value of the primary key of the new record added.
    * Incrementing and updating the identity of the invoice record must be managed by SQL server not C#.

Size + Engineering notes
----------------------
| Size | Engineering notes | 
| -------- | -------- |
| 1  | Only requires adding microsoft. VisualBasic as reference to the project in order to show the input message box and    | 




