Ticket 009: Prompt User to Add Service
=======================
- [x] Ticket 008 must be finished

The program must be able to check whether the user has not added a service.

This ticket will help to stop the user from creating an invoice with no services as this will create NULL or invalid values added in the records of database and invoice view. 

Related Tickets
---------------

* Requierd depedencies
    * [001](./001.md) - Main Menu
    * [002](./002.md) - Invoice Form window
    * [003](./003.md) - Data Store
    * [004](./004.md) - Auto Fill Header Items
    * [008](./008.md) - Add Service Details


Coditions of Success
--------------------

* When the Save PDF is clicked (left click mouse) It must display a message box that stops the user saving the Invoice form into PDF if the added list of services is empty.
    * It must stops the program from saving other details in the PDF file.
    * Lets the user continue to add the services and filling the invoice form. 

* When the user has not selected a service and clicks the add button, the program must stop the user from adding any data and display a prompt to select a service.
    * It must stops the program from saving other details in the database record such as:
        * **Service table** - because when the add button is clicked, saves a record what customer chose a service. 
        * **Customer table** - because when the add button is clicked, the customer detail is added. 

Techical Notes
--------------
* The trigger control for checking list if there are chosen services:
    *  SAVE PDF button
    *  Add button

* The message prompt must cotain the following information:
    * Message title: "No Service Chosen"
    * Message text: "Please Select a Service"

Size + Engineering notes
----------------------
| Size | Engineering notes | 
| -------- | -------- |
|  1  | Creating an If statment by checking the combobox and list view if it contains data | 
